---
title: Starting with Google Sheets
layout: post
author: robert.dancer
permalink: /startingwithsheets/
source-id: 1l-jCvHQc3oObGRb758Q4c0QfpS7EhqeylQY0NnFNoT4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Starting with Google Sheets</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>6/9/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Nothing</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have created a basic Google Sheet that can encode a string with a rot 2 Caesar Cipher.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I used the code that was presented by my teacher and improved upon it to create a design that I was proud of</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I watched and listened to the teacher's explanation of the task and how it could be completed. Using my prior knowledge, I realised that instead of putting one character in each cell, I could find the characters from a string in one cell. And, I could change the ASCII code for the letter instead of using a VLOOKUP. So, that’s what I did and it turned out great.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Although I knew I would be able to complete the task, I was so engrossed in working on my version that I was not fully listening to the teacher. Although I listened to most of their solution, I don’t think I could have replicated it identically to the teacher’s version.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will ensure that, even if I know of an alternative solution, I will listened to the ideas presented to me because the solutions demonstrated could work better in some situations, and the knowledge gained from the teacher’s idea can be helpful in the future</td>
  </tr>
</table>


